Docs 6288 kim edits (#517)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/as2/as2-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

> = AS2 Connector - Upgrade and Migrate - Mule 4

Reviewer: INSTRUCTIONS FOR EDIT

can you review the following PR? It contains one file:

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

== Supported Upgrade Paths

> This a direct upgrade from the AS2 connector 4.x to 5.0.0.

Reviewer: Please replace AS2 connector with the full connector name, as defined in the writing style guide.

Author: oops, fixed.

== Changes in This Release

> * The `Async MDN` is now handled as a separate flow. You need to add a new flow with an endpoint for the async MDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Async MDN` is now handled as a separate flow. You must add a new flow with an endpoint for the async MDN.
```

Author: Fixed.

* Users can reuse their HTTP listener configuration. Doing so means several changes for you and your trading partners:

> ** Changing ports for an AS2-receive endpoint/port with the new HTTP listener's endpoint/port configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Changing ports for an AS2-receive endpoint or port with the new HTTP listener's endpoint or port configuration
```

Author: Actually it should be parens because the endpoint here is a port.

Author: Fixed.

> ** Making your trading partners aware of the new URL/port configuration that corresponds to the HTTP listener you are reusing

Reviewer: GLOBALLY in all writing, replace the slash with the more precise of "and" or "or"

Author: Fixed.

** Changes to the load-balancer, if used

> * Starting with this version of the AS2 connector, a broader set of ciphers are supported: `AES128_CBC`,`AES192_CBC`,`AES256_CBC`.

Reviewer: ditto: full name or, if used above, approved abbr: "...of AS2 Connector 5.0.0, a broader...."
```suggestion
* Starting with AS2 Connector 5.0.0, a broader set of ciphers is supported: `AES128_CBC`,`AES192_CBC`,and `AES256_CBC`.
```

Author: Fixed.

> Ciphers such as: `AES128`, `AES192`, `AES256` that were used in earlier versions of the AS2 connector now map to this expanded set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ciphers such as `AES128`, `AES192`, and `AES256` that were used in versions of AS2 Connector earlier than 5.0.0 now map to this expanded set.
```

Author: Fixed.

> * The namespace has changed from `as2` to `as2-mule4`. You must delete the old namespace before adding the new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The namespace has changed from `as2` to `as2-mule4`. 
You must delete the old namespace before adding the new one.
```

Author: Fixed.

> * The single global configuration is now divided into separate operation/source global configurations for a "receive endpoint" from a "send endpoint" as these are now mutually exclusive.

Reviewer: fix slash
```suggestion
* The single global configuration is now divided into separate operation or source global configurations for a "receive endpoint" from a "send endpoint," because these are now mutually exclusive.
```

Author: Fixed.

For example:

> ** `send-config` now used by the `send-with-sync-mdn` and `send-with-async-mdn` operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `send-config` is now used by the `send-with-sync-mdn` and `send-with-async-mdn` operations.
```

Author: Fixed.

> ** `listener-config` now used by the `as2-listener` source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `listener-config` is now used by the `as2-listener` source.
```

Author: Fixed.

> ** `mdn-listener-config` now used by the `as2-mdn-listener` source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `mdn-listener-config` is now used by the `as2-mdn-listener` source.
```

Author: Fixed.

== Requirements and Limitations

> There are some requirements and limitations you should be aware of before you upgrade to the latest version.

Reviewer: Active voice
```suggestion
You should be aware of some requirements and limitations before you upgrade to the latest version.
```

Author: Fixed.

=== Requirements

> Ensure you meet the following requirements before you migrate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you meet the following requirements before you migrate:
```

Author: Fixed.

Mule 4.1.0 or later

Java 8

=== Limitation

Before you perform the migration, be aware of the following known limitation:

> * Signed copies of the document for nonrepudiation are not saved.

Reviewer: omit

Author: Its a limitation.

== Upgrade Steps

> Follow these steps to perform the upgrade to version 5:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to perform the upgrade to AS2 Connector 5.0.0:
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Download the AS2 version 5 connector from Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Download the AS2 Connector 5.0.0 from Exchange.
```

Author: Fixed.

. Delete the old namespace and add the new one.

> 

Reviewer: From here, I started to suggest reformatting the subheads so that the examples were introduced by sentences alone.
Then I got to the later section, which has 4 examples, and I also noticed that these examples are within a set of steps.
So...do what you think is best with the formatting. It's unfortunate that the Before and After headings are different sizes in the sections in which they appear.

> === Before (AS2 v4 namespace)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following example shows the namespace for AS2 Connector 4.x, before upgrade to 5.0.0:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----

```
<mule  xmlns:as2="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/as2"
    xmlns:doc="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/documentation"
	xmlns="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core" xmlns:doc="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/documentation" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/as2 http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/as2-mule4/current/mule-as2.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core/current/mule.xsd">
```

----

> === After (AS2 v5 namespace)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the namespace for AS2 Connector after upgrade to 5.0.0:
```

Reviewer: ditto re. formatting

[source,xml,linenums]
----
```
<mule xmlns:as2-mule4="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/as2-mule4"
	xmlns="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core"
	xmlns:doc="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/documentation" xsi:schemaLocation="
	http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/as2-mule4 http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/as2-mule4/current/mule-as2-mule4.xsd
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/core/current/mule.xsd">
```
----

> 

Reviewer: The following step came out of nowhere to me, because I had forgotten that all the previous text was actually one step!

Reviewer: Hence, my rethinking of formatting....

> . If you use a load-balancer, make any necessary updates. For more info, see: https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/dedicated-load-balancer-tutorial[CloudHub Load Balancers].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you use a load-balancer, make any necessary updates. 
For more information, see: https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/dedicated-load-balancer-tutorial[CloudHub Load Balancers].
```

Reviewer: DO break a bullet into a separate para after the first sentence, GLOBALLY

Author: Fixed.

. Add a new flow with an endpoint to handle the async MDN.

> . Change ports for your AS2-receive endpoint/port.

Reviewer: fix slash

Author: Fixed.

[EXAMPLES]

> === Global Configuration Now Divided into Operation and Source-specific Global Configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Global Configuration Now Divided into Operation and Source-Specific Global Configurations
```

Author: Fixed.

> These configurations are for a "receive endpoint" from a "send endpoint" as they are now mutually exclusive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These configurations are for a "receive endpoint" from a "send endpoint," because they are now mutually exclusive.
```

Author: Fixed.

> ==== Before (AS2 v4 global config):

Reviewer: In nonConnector doc, we want to avoid going down four levels. Just FYI.

		<as2-mule4:partner-config as2Name="partnerId" x509Alias="partnerAlias" email="partner@email.com"/>
		<as2-mule4:key-store-config keystorePassword="keystorepwd" keystorePath="path/to/keystore"/>
	</as2-mule4:listener-config>

<!-- Receive MDN global config -->
	<as2-mule4:mdn-listener-config name="AS2_Connector_HTTPS_Mdn_listener_config" httpListenerConfig="HTTPS_Listener_config">
		<as2-mule4:self-config as2Name="selfId" x509Alias="selfAlias" email="self@email.com"/>
		<as2-mule4:partner-config as2Name="partnerId" x509Alias="partnerAlias" email="partner@email.com"/>
		<as2-mule4:key-store-config keystorePassword="keystorepwd" keystorePath="path/to/keystore"/>
	</as2-mule4:mdn-listener-config>
```
----

==== Receive source

The receive source needs a definition for the `path` of the listening endpoint.

* Before:
[source,xml,linenums]
----
```
<as2:receive doc:name="Receive" config-ref="AS2_Config"/>
```
----

* After:
[source,xml,linenums]
----
```
<flow name="AS2_HTTPS_Listener_Flow">
    <as2-mule4:as2-listener path="/toSelf" config-ref="AS2_HTTPS_Listener_config"/>
</flow>
```
----

==== Send AS2 messages

> The send operation is divided into 2 separate operations: `send-with-async-mdn` and `send-with-sync-mdn`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The send operation is divided into two separate operations: `send-with-async-mdn` and `send-with-sync-mdn`.
```

Author: Fixed.

* Before:
[source,xml,linenums]
----
```
<as2:send timeout="send timeout" config-ref="AS2_Config" input="Hello world" fileName="fileName"/>
```
----

* After
[source,xml,linenums]
----

```
<as2-mule4:send-with-async-mdn  fileName="fileName" config-ref="AS2_Connector_Send_Sync_config" mimeType="application/xml" requireProcessed="false">
    <as2-mule4:content ><![CDATA[#['Hello world']]]></as2-mule4:content>
</as2-mule4:send-with-async-mdn>

<!-- OR -->

<as2-mule4:send-with-sync-mdn  fileName="fileName" config-ref="AS2_Connector_Send_Sync_config" mimeType="application/xml" requireProcessed="false">
    <as2-mule4:content ><![CDATA[#['Hello world']]]></as2-mule4:content>
</as2-mule4:send-with-sync-mdn>

```
----

==== Receive MDN source

The receive MDN flow must be defined if you are using `send-with-async-mdn`.

* Before:
```

> no config needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No example; no configuration needed.
```

Author: Fixed.

```

* After:
[source,xml,linenums]
----
```
<flow name="AS2_HTTPS_MDN_Listener_Flow">
    <as2-mule4:as2-mdn-listener config-ref="AS2_Connector_HTTPS_Mdn_listener_config" path="/mdn"/>
</flow>
`
----

=== Post Upgrade Steps

> After you completed the previous steps, follow these steps to complete the upgrade:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you perform the previous steps, follow these steps to complete the upgrade:
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Notify Partners of the new URL/port configuration that corresponds to the HTTP listener you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Notify partner users of the new URL or port configuration that corresponds to the HTTP listener you are using.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Verify that the connector is working by making sure there are no exceptions on startup and test it against the AS2 partner.

Reviewer: Um...shouldn't this testing come before notifying the partner?

Author: It can but they may need to change something on their end first so you can test.
